Note about 1click installations (#1359)
contao/docs: docs/manual/installation/system-requirements.en.md

category "Web hosting".

{{% notice "note" %}}

> Some hosting providers offer 1click installations, also for Contao. However, for the best user experience, we recommend using the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some hosting providers offer 1-click installations. However, for the best user experience, we recommend using the 
```
